Assignment simple Car parking system with following model.

You can add your changes and normalize db if required.

Vechicle:    
	Name    
	Number    
	Type - (Truck,SUV,car,bike,cycle)    
	Intime    
	Outtime

Fare:     
vech_type  car   truck    
fare         50    200

User story :
	As a user i should able to see list of all vechicle entries for current day.
	As a user i should able to edit a record in list.
	As a user i should able to add new entry in list.

Three Pages:
	1) Add:    Use simple html element and ajax call to store information in model    
	Dont use django form and html form.    
	Make use of jquery validation plugin and jquery ui calendar, timepicker plugin    
	Validation:        
		specially alphanumneic check in name        
		and time check for current date.        
		Ok to use browser specific time checks.        
		Use momentjs plugin for the same

	2) Edit:    Use Ajax call to retrive data from db on document load and fill html element.    
	Use simple jquery ajax call to save edited changes.    
	Make use of jquery validation plugin and jquery ui calendar, timepicker plugin    
	Validation:        
		specially alphanumneic check in name        
		and time check for current date.        
		Ok to use browser specific time checks.        
		Use momentjs plugin for the same

	3) List (Index page):    Use Ajax call to retrive data from db on document load and fill html elements i.e. list of entries for current day time.    
	Make sure to indicate elapsed time entries through different color or with opacity.    
	Add , edit button on each record in list, which will navigate to edit form.    
	On top of page there should be "ADD" button which takes to add form.    
	Optional :    
		Add delete button on each record , the delete should be through ajax call on same page , confirmation modal (dialog box) should be there.
	Other constraint:    
		Needs to include bootstrap CSS for UI.    
		You are allowed to use any exisitng free opensource theme for this task.